QUESTION NO: 301
The Python language can use the "#" at the beginning of a single line of code for code
comments .
A. True
B. False
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 302
When the universal text recognition service is successfully called, the returned text
recognition result is stored in which of the following fields?
A. text
B. result
C. content
D. words
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 303
The following options belong to keras under estimator The encapsulation methods are?
A. Assessment
B. training
C. prediction
D. Output model
Answer: A,B,C

QUESTION NO: 304
What are the regularizations in deep learning? (Multiple Choice)
A. L1 norm. L2 norm
B. Data set enhancement
C. Integration method
D. Dropout
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 305
Which of the following description about Python regular expression is not correct?
A. Python has added there regular expression module since version 1.5.
B. re regular expression module gives the Python language all the regular expression
functionality.
C. re regular expressions are powerful tools for working with strings.
D. re regular expressions can only process string data not numeric data
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 306
The for loop statement in the Python language can iterate through the items in any sequence
.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 307
The following applications that are not part of the adversarial generation network are?
A. Text generation
B. Image generation
C. Image Identification
D. Data enhancement
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 308
Regarding the face search service, which of the following statements are correct?
A. When there is no face set, you need to create a face set first, then add face data, and then
search
B. The size of a face set cannot exceed 10000 Pictures
C. There is a dedicated interface to delete the specified face set
D. There is a dedicated interface to delete the face data in a certain face set
Answer: A,C,D

QUESTION NO: 309
GPU Good at computationally intensive and easy to parallel programs.
A. TRUE
B. FALSE
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 310
Which of the following options are <Artificial Intelligence Comprehensive Experiment> May
be used in calling Huawei cloud services?
A. ak
B. region
C. project_id
D. sk
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 311
The matrix produced by the exchange of matrix A rows and columns is called the transpose
of A . What are the correct properties of matrix transposition? (Multiple Choice)
A. (A T ) T = A
B. (A+ 8) T = AT +BT
C. (!EA) T = !EAT
D. (AB} T = A T +BT
Answer: A,B,C

QUESTION NO: 312
The activation function plays an important role in the neural network model learning and
understanding of very complex problems. The following statement about the activation
function is correct.
A. Activation functions are linear functions
B. Activation functions are non-linear functions
C. The activation function is partly a nonlinear function, partly a linear function
D. Most of the activation functions are nonlinear functions, and a few are linear functions
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 313
Which of the following is not included in the recurrent neural network usage scenario?
A. Machine translation
B. Speech recognition
C. Image style migration
D. Text generation
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 314
Which of the following options is not a reason for traditional machine learning algorithms to
promote the development of deep learning?
A. Dimensional disaster
B. local invariance and smooth regularization
C. Manifold learning
D. Feature Engineering
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 315
Which of the following is not a face recognition technology?
A. Face search
B. Face comparison
C. Face Detection
D. Remake recognition
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 316
Numerical calculation refers to the method and process of effectively using the digital
computer to solve the approximate problem of mathematical problems, and the discipline
consisting of related theories.
Which of the following processes are involved in solving actual problems with a computer?
(Multiple Choice)
A. Know the actual problem
B. Mathematical model
C. Numerical calculation method
D. Programm1ng
E. Computer calculation results
Answer: A,B,C,D,E

QUESTION NO: 317
The following evaluation indicators belonging to the regression algorithm are?
A. Recall rate
B. Confusion matrix
C. Mean square error
D. Accuracy
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 318
Which of the following is an image label service URI?
A. /v1.0/image/recognition
B. /v1.0/image/celebrity-recognition
C. /v1.0/image/recapture-detect
D. /v1.0/image/tagging
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 319
What are the Python language data types? (Multiple Choice)
A. numbers
B. string
C. list
D. tuple
E. dictionary
Answer: A,B,C,D,E

QUESTION NO: 320
Which of the following data types does Tensorflow not support?
A. int8
B. ftoat32
C. double64
D. bool
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 321
Which of the following is not a module in the Tensorflow library?
A. tf.nn
B. tf. layers
C. tf boost
D. tf.contrib
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 322
Which is wrong with the Python module time introduction method?
A. import time
B. from time import *
C. import time as t
D. from time
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 323
Pytorch Which company launched it first?
A. Baidu
B. Google
C. Facebook
D. Huawei
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 324
Atlas accelerate AI What processor is used for inference?
A. Different 910 processor
B. Different 310 processor
C. GPU
D. FPGA
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 325
Which of the following options is not the Tensorflow build process?
A. Building a calculation chart
B. Input tensor
C. Generate a session
D. Update weights I Right Answers)
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 326
Linear regression in 3 The fitted surface in the dimension above dimension is?
A. Curved surface
B. flat
C. Hyperplane
D. Hypersurface
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 327
Which of the following products is related to artificial intelligence? (Multiple Choice)
A. Alpha Go
B. Self-driving
C. Voice input
D. Huawei Mate mobile phone
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 328
None of the following options TensorFlow2.0. The supported operators are:
A. pow
B. @
C. ^
D. //
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 329
Not supported in the following options TensorFLow2.0 The attributes for dimensional
transformation are.
A. squeeze
B. reshape
C. gather
D. transpose
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 330
Which descriptions are correct about python's index? (Multiple Choice)
A. Index from left to right defaults from 0
B. Index from left to right defaults from 1
C. Index from right lo left defaults from -1
D. Index from right to left defaults from 0
Answer: A,C

QUESTION NO: 331
The following code was used when compiling the
model:model.compile(optimizer='Adam,loss='categorical.crossentropy',metrics=[tf.keras.metri
cs.accuracy]), currently using evaluate When the method evaluates the model, which of the
following indicators will be output?
A. accuracy
B. categorical_ 1oss
C. loss
D. categorical accuracy
Answer: A,C

QUESTION NO: 332
In Huawei Cloud El Enterprise Intelligence, which basic platform services are included?
(Multiple Choice)
A. Machine learning
B. Deep learning
C. Graph engine
D. Batch processing
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 333
Which of the following environments does not support to install the T11nsorFlow?
A. Linux
B. Mac OS
C. Docker
D. OpenStack
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 334
The Python language does not allow embedding another loop body in a loop body
A. True
B. False
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 335
An e-commerce company has always had problems with official website stalls, poor
utilization of network resources, and difficulty in operation and maintenance. Then which of
the following can the company use EI service?
A. Park Agent
B. Traffic Agent
C. Network agent
D. Industrial Agent
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 336
Artificial intelligence is currently suitable for scenarios with I' known environment, clear
objectives, and predictable action . Deep learning in the fields of image recognition, speech
recognition, translation, etc , artificial intelligence basically has human recognition ability.
even surpassing human beings Based on these capabilities. it has been applied to many
scenes such as medical care and public safety However, there is still a lack of reasoning and
cognition
A. True
B. False
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 337
Regularization is an important and effective technique for reducing generalization errors in
traditional machine learning. The following techniques are regular. The technology is:
A. L1 Regularization
B. L2 Regularization
C. Dropout
D. Momentum optimizer
Answer: A,B,C

QUESTION NO: 338
TensorFlow2.0 The mechanism of graphs and conversations has been cancelled in.
A. TRUE
B. FALSE
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 339
What are the common types of dirty data?
A. Malformed value
B. Duplicate value
C. Logically wrong value
D. Missing value
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 340
Which is not a deep learning algorithm?
A. Setr-encoder
B. Convolutional neural networks
C. Recurrent neural networks
D. Support vector machine
Answer: D

QUESTION NO: 341
TensorF1ow2.0 Can be used to check if it is tensor The methods are?
A. dtype
B. isinstance
C. is_tensor
D. device
Answer: B,C

QUESTION NO: 342
A scalar k is multiplied by matrix A equal to k and each of the numbers in A is multiplied.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 343
Which of the following statements about overflow and underflow in numerical calculations is
correct? (Multiple choice)
A. Underflow occurs when the number close to zero Is rounded to zero
B. Overflow occurs when the number close to zero 1s rounded to zero
C. Overflow occurs when a large number of levels are approximated as 1P or - 1P
D. Underflow occurs when a large number of levels are approximated as 1P or - 1P
Answer: A,C

QUESTION NO: 344
Feature is the dimension that describes the characteristics of the sample. Regarding its
interpretability in traditional machine learning and deep learning, the following statement is
correct:
A. Features are interpretable in traditional machine learning, but weak in deep learning
B. Features are weak in traditional machine learning, but strong in deep learning
C. Features are weak in interpretability in traditional machine learning and deep learning
D. Features are interpretable in traditional machine learning and deep learning
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 345
Which of the following features does Python support? (Multiple choice)
A. Inheritance
B. Heavy load
C. Derived
D. Multiple inheritance
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 346
What of the following does belong to convolutional neural network (CNN)? (Multiple Choice)
A. VGGNet
B. ResNet
C. AlexNet
D. GoogleNet
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 347
Gyclic neural networks are more suitable for dealing with image recognition problems.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 348
Which of the following does the convolutional neural network structure not include?
A. Convolutional layer
B. Pooling layer
C. Loop layer
D. Fully connected layer
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 349
Regarding the convolutional neural network pooling layer, the following description is correct
?
A. Pooling operation is realized by scanning window
B. The pooling layer can play a role in dimensionality reduction
C. Commonly used pooling methods include maximum pooling and average pooling
D. The pooled feature image becomes smaller
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 350
What is wrong description or backpropagation?
A. The learning process or the backpropagation algorithm consists of a forward propagation
process and a back-propagation process.
B. The backpropagation algorithm is a learning algorithm suitable for multi-layer neural
networks, which is based on the gradient descent method
C. The backpropagation phase sends training inputs to the network to obtain an stimuli
response
D. until the response of the network to the input reaches the predetermined target range.
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 351
The following is the correct difference between machine learning algorithms and traditional
rule-based methods?
A. Traditional rule-based methods, in which the rules can be explicitly clarified manually
B. Traditional rule-based methods use explicit programming to solve problems
C. The mapping relationship of the model in machine learning is automatically learned
D. The mapping relationship of the model in the machine learning institute must be implicit
Answer: A,B,C

QUESTION NO: 352
Regarding backpropagation, the following statement is wrong?
A. Backpropagation can only be used in feedforward neural networks
B. Backpropagation can be combined with gradient descent algorithm to update network
weights
C. Backpropagation passes through the activation function
D. Back propagation refers to the back propagation of errors through the network
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 353
The image data of the passport recognition service is not needed base64 Coded.
A. TRUE
B. FALSE
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 354
When dealing with actual problems, when should machine learning be used in the following
situations?
A. The data distribution itself changes over time, requiring continuous re-adaptation of the
program, such as predicting the trend of merchandise sales
B. The complexity of the rules is low, and the problem is small
C. Task rules will change over time, such as defect detection on the production line
D. The rules are very complicated or cannot be described, such as face recognition and
voice recognition
Answer: A,C,D

QUESTION NO: 355
The Python list can be identified by '[]", and the default index of the first element from left to
right is 1.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 356
Which command can be checked Atlas 300 (3000) Whether the accelerator card is in place?
A. 1spci | grep'npu'
B. 1spci | grep'd100'
C. 1spci grep'atlas'
D. atlas info
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 357
Which of the following steps in deep learning are automatically completed by the model?
A. Model training
B. Feature selection
C. Analysis and positioning task
D. Feature extraction
Answer: B,D

QUESTION NO: 358
HUAWEI CLOUD EI Enable more use of corporate boundaries AI And big data services to
accelerate business development and benefit society. HUAWEI CLOUD EI The service can
serve the enterprise in the following aspects?
A. Industry data
B. Industry wisdom
C. algorithm
D. Computing power
Answer: A,B,C,D

QUESTION NO: 359
The following about the general form identification service returned type The field statement
is correct?
A. type Representative text recognition area type
B. type for text Time represents the text recognition area
C. type Representative form type
D. type for table Time represents the form recognition area
Answer: B,D

QUESTION NO: 360
In a neural network, knowing the weight and deviations of each neuron is the most important
step. If you know the exact weights and deviations of neurons in some way, you can
approximate any function What is the best way to achieve this?
A. Random assignment, pray that they are correct
B. Search for a combmat1on of weight and deviation until the best value 1s obtained
C. Assign an initial value to iteratively update weight by checking the difference between the
best value and the initial
D. The above is not correct
Answer: C